czerviik's pull request 2 (#138)
TheCSharpAcademy/CodeReviews.Console.Phonebook: phoneBook.czerviik/readme.md

### Console UI (Spectre.Console)

* The application uses the **Spectre.Console** library to render
* Contacts are displayed in a paginated table view.
* Pagination “remembers” your page position until you return to the Main Menu.
* You can adjust the number of rows per page by changing the `MAX_ROWS`
constant in `UserInterface.cs`.

<img width="451" height="154" alt="Screenshot 2025-11-09 at 23 09 42" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/40e0885b-4c8d-4fad-81f2-930f10856b59" />

### Managing Contacts

Users can:

* Add, edit, delete, or view contacts.
* Assign one or more phone numbers per contact (each with optional “default”
status).
* Validate e-mail and phone number formats interactively.
* Automatically handle timestamps for creation and modification.

### Error Handling

* Basic error-handling layer prevents application crashes.
* Database or network issues are caught and logged while in dev mode.
* Input validation ensures invalid formats don’t reach the database.

---

## Setup Instructions

### 1. Configure SQL Server Connection

> * Edit `appsettings.json` to include your connection string.

Reviewer: 🟠 **Missing appsettings**

💡 Either supply a dummy appsettings, or change Edit to Create, as currently there is no appsettings file to edit!

```suggestion
* Create `appsettings.json` and include your connection string.
```
